CTOR-898 : Refresh network-cisco-prime-restapi (#3563)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-cisco-prime-restapi.md

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Cisco-Prime-Restapi-custom" label="Net-Cisco-Prime-Restapi-custom">

| Service Alias   | Service Template                               | Service Description              |
|:----------------|:-----------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|
| Ap-Usage-Global | Net-Cisco-Prime-Ap-Usage-Global-Restapi-custom | Check usage of all access points |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Net-Cisco-Prime-Restapi-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Ap-Usage-Global" label="Ap-Usage-Global">

| Metric name     | Description   | Unit  |
|:----------------|:--------------|:------|
| ap-status       | AP status     | N/A   |
| ap-clients      | Clients count | Count |
| ap-uptime       | AP uptime     | s     |
| ap-lwappuptime  | lwapp uptime  | s     |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> The plugin need an account to connect on Rest API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin needs an account to connect to the Rest API.
```

### Using a service template provided by the connector

1. If you have used a host template and checked **Create Services linked to the Template too**, the services linked to the template have been created automatically, using the corresponding service templates. Otherwise, [create manually the services you want](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services) and apply a service template to them.
2. Fill in the macros you want (e.g. to change the thresholds for the alerts). Some macros are mandatory (see the table below).

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Ap-Usage-Global" label="Ap-Usage-Global">

| Macro                 | Description                                                                                                                                            | Default value                                                    | Mandatory   |
|:----------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|

> | FILTERAP              | Filter ap name (can be a regexp)                                                                                                                       | .*                                                               |             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FILTERAP              | Filter AP name (can be a regexp)                                                                                                                       | .*                                                               |             |
```
